# Cobraframework usecases documentation 

### pip install cobraframework
#### cobraframework create project <projectname>
##### cd <projectname> && python manage.py load_project_config True
###### cobraframework based on custom architature that have some common features that ddd and adaptors & ports have that covers around 40% of cobraframework architature still that performs well in case of test results the main feature of cobraframe work is to provide pugability in modules that created in cobraframe that can be used in any other framework and also any other framework can be integraed with cobraframework.the main goal of cobraframework is to provide tools and utils for developing cross platform application in atleast 80% automated manner and cobraframework also has a framework package manager that can help developers to reuse automated modules with automated integration and unit testcases for apps is automatically going to be generated with some senario configs that can be done automatically right we have support for api apps only future updates are following:
###### Markup : 1. todo list.
                    1. Automated frontend loder from adobe and figma etc.(useing guidelines for design.).
                    2. autogenerated configs for apis for frontend.
                    3. other framework app loader.
                    4. universal dtos for any database.
                    5. cloud services adaptors and modules 
                    6. data science services.
                    7. blockchain modules.
                    8. payment gateway and bank integration modules.
                    ##Framework Registory features
                    9. web profile auth system and url auth system
                    10. organisation registration
                    11. module docs and versioning systems
                    12. app_template marketplace 
                    13. developer registration and package versioning system.
                    14. sponcer registration and contract generation.
                    15. tech digital marketing tools.
                    16. Lifestyle marketing tools for organisations and members.
                    17. Free modules can be downloaded or installed using pip.
                    18. Paid modules requires framework cli-login.
                    19. Gui Frontend code gen tools from figma or adobe xd.
                    20. App Assembler and config updater
                    21. App Archetechure Designing tools with modules segestions acording to App Documentation
                    21. Learnning center for app and framework.
                    22. Security modules for both web or api.
                    23. Auto App builder platform for cobra app objects usecases.app assistent for client,marketing,developers,oraganisations.
                    24.App tree viewer with app admin app or module flow viewer.
                    future concepts:
                    1. Deployment servers.
                    2. Android builders.
                    3. Ios Builder
                    4. QnA section for code and QnA section for framework registory.
                    5. app testing and deployment platform services for python apps for any cloud services.
                    6. IOT development platform services and hardware testing.
                    7. automated machenical machinary creation modules using 3D models with dynamic testing.
                    8. Game Development Center with AI.
                    9. web os with data scheduler(where websites will work like apps).
                    10. elecronic chipset generator from 3D models with dynamic testing
                    11. scientific hypothesis testing AI using current technologies
                    12. process designing tools and templates.
                    13. support for Math,English,Sanskrit for hypothesis testing etc...
                    14. Time tech introduction for tech implementation and management.
                    15. paid courses and contents. 
                    

### One line fullstack development framework using python for any system initialised with web supports async applications as well.